packages/-ember-decorators/tests/dummy/app/pods/docs/what-is-ember-decorators/template.md, before:

# What is Ember Decorators?

Ember Decorators is a project dedicated to exploring and unlocking usage of
native classes in Ember.js. Its goal is to provide a set of decorators which can
be used to write classes with every standard feature that is available in the
standard Ember object-model, along with the transforms and build system required
to polyfill and ship them today!

## Why do I need decorators to use native classes?

Native classes have been around since ES2015, so why haven't we been able to use
them with Ember all this time? While `class` syntax has existed for a long time
now, using it with Ember was difficult because it lacked a way to:

1. Declare properties and give them values, e.g.

  ```js
  Ember.Object.extend({
    foo: 123,
    classNames: ['is-active']
  });
  ```

2. Specify meta behavior declaritively for methods, getters, setters, and
properties. This is something the Ember object-model has supported
out-of-the-box since the early days with computed properties, observers, event
listeners, and so on, e.g.

  ```js
  Ember.Object.extend({
    foo: computed('qux', {
      get() {
        return 123;
      }
    }),

    bar: observer('qux', function() {
      // do something
    }),

    baz: on('init', function() {
      // do something else
    })
  });
  ```

[Class fields](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-class-fields) and
[decorators](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-decorators) solve each of these
problems respectively, and give us the tools to do a nearly 1-to-1 conversion
from the old Ember objects to native classes. While it is technically possible
to use native classes without class fields or decorators, the DX of doing this
is incredibly low - its a long, error prone, and somewhat non-performant
process.

Commit message:

[FEAT] Updates decorators to be a full polyfill of the decorators RFC (#374)
This PR updates Ember Decorators to be a full polyfill of the Decorators
RFC. This includes the following changes:

1. `@computed` can now receive a ComputedPropertyDescriptor as its Last
   argument.
2. `@readOnly` and `@volatile` have been removed in favor of
   `@(computed().readOnly())` and `@(computed().volatile())` style
   declarations. All classic modifiers are available, enabled, and
   chainable in this way.
3. `@reads` and `@overridableReads` have been changed back to
   `@readOnly` and `@reads` respectively, and `@oneWay` has been added
   back.
4. All computed property decorators can now be used in classic classes
   as well. This makes the decorators a _drop-in_ replacement for
   `computed`.
5. `@action` now binds action methods as well as copying their
   reference.
6. `service` and `controller` have both been renamed to `inject` to 
   match the exports in Ember proper
7. `shouldThrowOnComputedOverride` has been removed, since it is not an
   option in Ember proper

packages/-ember-decorators/tests/dummy/app/pods/docs/what-is-ember-decorators/template.md, after:

# What is Ember Decorators?

Ember Decorators is a project dedicated to exploring and unlocking usage of
native classes in Ember.js. It provides:

1. A set of decorators that matches the ones proposed in the [Decorators
   RFC](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0408-decorators.md),
   which will be shipped in Ember in the near future.
2. Additional decorators for features that will _not_ be included in Ember
   directly. These include decorators for event listeners and observers, and for
   customizing classic Ember components (e.g. `@attribute` and `@tagName`).

## Why do I need decorators to use native classes?

Native classes have been around since ES2015, so why haven't we been able to use
them with Ember all this time? While `class` syntax has existed for a long time
now, using it with Ember was difficult because it lacked a way to:

1. Declare properties and give them values, e.g.

  ```js
  Ember.Object.extend({
    foo: 123,
    classNames: ['is-active']
  });
  ```

2. Specify meta behavior declaritively for methods, getters, setters, and
properties. This is something the Ember object-model has supported
out-of-the-box since the early days with computed properties, observers, event
listeners, and so on, e.g.

  ```js
  Ember.Object.extend({
    foo: computed('qux', {
      get() {
        return 123;
      }
    }),

    bar: observer('qux', function() {
      // do something
    }),

    baz: on('init', function() {
      // do something else
    })
  });
  ```

[Class fields](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-class-fields) and
[decorators](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-decorators) solve each of these
problems respectively, and give us the tools to do a nearly 1-to-1 conversion
from the old Ember objects to native classes. While it is technically possible
to use native classes without class fields or decorators, the DX of doing this
is incredibly low - its a long, error prone, and somewhat non-performant
process.
